Clarify use cases and alternatives for updateComplete (#1029)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/components/lifecycle.md

> The `updateComplete` Promise resolves when the element has finished updating. Use `updateComplete` to wait for an update. The resolved value is a Boolean indicating if the element has finished updating. It will be `true` if there are no pending updates after the update cycle has finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updateComplete` promise resolves when the element has finished updating. Use `updateComplete` to wait for an update. The resolved value is a boolean indicating if the element has finished updating. It will be `true` if there are no pending updates after the update cycle has finished.
```

When an element updates, it may cause its children to update as well. By default, the `updateComplete` promise resolves when the element's update has completed, but does not wait for any children to have completed their updates. This behavior may be customized by overriding [`getUpdateComplete`](#getUpdateComplete).

There are several use cases for needing to know when an element's update has completed:

> 1. **Tests** When writing tests you can await the `updateComplete` Promise before making assertions about the component’s DOM. If the test depends on the entire descendant tree's update having been completed, awaiting `requestAnimationFrame` is often a better choice to guarantee that all components have updated, since Lit's default scheduling uses the browser's microtask queue and is flushed prior to animation frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Tests** When writing tests you can await the `updateComplete` promise before making assertions about the component’s DOM. If the test depends on the entire descendant tree's update having been completed, awaiting `requestAnimationFrame` is often a better choice to guarantee that all components have updated, since Lit's default scheduling uses the browser's microtask queue and is flushed prior to animation frames.
```

> 1. **Tests** When writing tests you can await the `updateComplete` Promise before making assertions about the component’s DOM. If the test depends on the entire descendant tree's update having been completed, awaiting `requestAnimationFrame` is often a better choice to guarantee that all components have updated, since Lit's default scheduling uses the browser's microtask queue and is flushed prior to animation frames.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Tests** When writing tests you can await the `updateComplete` Promise before making assertions about a component’s DOM. If the assertions depend on updates completing for the component's entire descendant tree, awaiting `requestAnimationFrame` is often a better choice, since Lit's default scheduling uses the browser's microtask queue, which is emptied prior to animation frames. This ensures all pending Lit updates on the page have completed before the `requestAnimationFrame` callback.
```

Author: Combining suggestions:
```suggestion
1. **Tests** When writing tests you can await the `updateComplete` promise before making assertions about a component’s DOM. If the assertions depend on updates completing for the component's entire descendant tree, awaiting `requestAnimationFrame` is often a better choice, since Lit's default scheduling uses the browser's microtask queue, which is emptied prior to animation frames. This ensures all pending Lit updates on the page have completed before the `requestAnimationFrame` callback.
```

> 2. **Measurement** Some components may need to measure their DOM in order to implement certain layouts. While it is always better to implement layouts using pure CSS rather than JavaScript-based measurement, sometimes CSS limitations make this unavoidable. In very simple cases, it may be sufficient to await `updateComplete` after state changes before measuring. However, because `updateComplete` does not await the update of all descendants, we recommend using [`ResizeObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver) as a more robust way to trigger measurement code when layouts change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Measurement** Some components may need to measure DOM in order to implement certain layouts. While it is always better to implement layouts using pure CSS rather than JavaScript-based measurement, sometimes CSS limitations make this unavoidable. In very simple cases, and if you're measuring Lit or ReactiveElement components, it may be sufficient to await `updateComplete` after state changes and before measuring. However, because `updateComplete` does not await the update of all descendants, we recommend using [`ResizeObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver) as a more robust way to trigger measurement code when layouts change.
```

> 3. **Events** It is a good practice to dispatch events from components after rendering has completed, so that the event's listeners see the fully rendered state of the component. To do so, you can await the `updateComplete` Promise before firing the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Events** It is a good practice to dispatch events from components after rendering has completed, so that the event's listeners see the fully rendered state of the component. To do so, you can await the `updateComplete` promise before firing the event.
```
